non-smoking flight this means that it's
not allowed to smoke onboard the
aircraft
and time this includes all areas both of
the laboratories and lavish must be
stowed in the overhead luggage
compartment or under the seat in front
if possible please be careful when
opening the overhead luggage compartment
luggage may fall out unexpectedly
event of an emergency evacuation it's
not allowed to take along any of your
personal belongings please fasten your
seat belt now
this is how to close it tight
this is how you open
we advise you to keep the belt fastened
while seated when the fasten seatbelt
sign is off it must be found
should the cabin pressure drop oxygen
masks will appear automatically
available seats call the master tool or
chew senses
the flow of oxygen place the mask over
your nose and mouth adjust the headband
and breathe normally at and just
traveling with children should put on
their own oxygen mask first before
helping the children
should we have to evacuate the aircraft
over water there's a life vest located
in umbria over the back and remove the
vest slip it over your head
pass the strap around your back and
fasten up the front pull the strap tight
to inflate the best color on the red tag
we'll never do this inside the aircraft
the live desk can be refilled using the
mouthpiece contact with water will
automatically switch on the light in the
event of an emergency evacuation the
cabin Isles will be illuminated this
will make it easier to find the clearly
marked emergency exits the doors are
opened by turning the handle in the
direction of the arrow now please look
around and check which door is close to
your seat
when leaving the aircraft
high-heeled-shoes must be removed you
can review all this information on the
safety onboard card in your seat pocket
ladies and gentlemen the jury taxing
takeoff and landing please make sure
that the back of your seat is in an
upright position
your tables stowed away as well as your
foot rest horrible hair dress privacy
hood and video screen is in Whoville
if you have any questions feel free to
ask for Kevin group I wish you a
pleasant flight